Group Paricipants:

Rayan Imran
Aakash Chouhan
Vedant Pulahru


- Data Source
We were running the pyton file on Anaconda environment

https://www.kaggle.com/mylesoneill/game-of-thrones

battles.csv

character-deaths.csv

- A summary of data:

. The data was chosen as it had interesting relations within our game of thrones database model. where different kingdom battled each other and many fascinating relations were made.

. It consist of commanders, king, characters info and the relations include of the location of battle and how they are fought between defender and attackers.

. character death file has 917 rows and battles file has 38 records

- Discussion in data model

. The data had many null values and did not made any relation sense between them, those columns were broken down. Two different tables were combined so those columns were deleted which were not required in the combination. Moreover, the multivalued table had to be broken down with the help of python using split, so that it appears appropriately in the database.

- Summary of the database
1, Battle (cardinality: 38, arity=3)
2, BattleArea (cardinality: 38, arity=4)
3, BattleSide (cardinality: 38, arity=8)
4, CommanderWhoAttacked (cardinality: 80, arity=2)
5, CommanderWhoDefend (cardinality: 67, arity=2)
6, KingOfAttacker (cardinality: 38, arity=2)
7, Person (cardinality: 917, arity=4)
8, deathInfo (cardinality: 305, arity=2)
9, kingOfDefender (cardinality: 38, arity=2)
10,outcome   (cardinality: 37, arity=4)

-List the queries implemented

1, Number of deaths in each year, from max number to minimum

2, Which kingdom won or lost with which kingdom on which battle

3, which kingdom has the most wins

4, how many died from each kingdom

5, All the kings who died

6, Number  of Commanders vs Number of battles won

7, All the battles that happend in winter

8, All the battles that happend in summer

9, Which house has the max number of noble people

10, How the number of battles were won (battle type

-A summary of the interface

The Gui Interface is made in Python language, the used module is Tkinter.
The interface includes buttons and labels to show possible operations by 
the user and to show the output. 
There are buttons which are named with the operation they perform, the
user has 2 options for the output:
1, save output in csv file (dump.csv)
2, print below the buttons
By default the print option is assigned, to save an output in csv, 
click on the second last button (pink colour), and then click on the
chosen operation.

Intructions:

We have run the py file in Anaconda environment